  * Skip to Main Content
  * Feedback
  * Enquiry
  * Public Grievance
  * RTI 
  * Vigilance
  * Contact Us

Screen Reader Access

  * -A
  * A
  * +A

  *   * 

  *   * 

हिन्दी

  * Home
  * About Us 
    * Who's Who 
    * Acts & Rules 
    * Organization Chart 
    * Corporate Brochure 
    * Who we are 
    * Vision and Mission 
    * Heritage 
    * Leadership 
    * Modernization 
    * Digitization and Innovation 
    * Facilities 
    * Vigilance 
    * Code of Conduct 
    * Video Gallery 
  * Business 
    * Products 
    * Services 
    * Infrastructure Development 
  * Investor 
  * Sustainability 
    * CSR 
    * Health, Safety and Environment 
  * Procurement 
  * Careers 
    * Career Executives 
    * Career Non Executives 
    * Career Apprentice 
    * Online Recruitment 
  * Employee corner 
    * MDL e Connect 
    * Retired Employees 
      * Ex Non Executives 
      * Ex Executives 
      * Online Portal for Retired Employees 
  * Quick Links 
    * Online Vendor Registrations 
    * E-Procurement 
    * Disposal Cell 
      * C1 Auctions 
      * GeM Forward Auction 
      * 750 MT wooden scrap 
    * Press Release 
    * Government Initiatives 
    * Rajbhasha Patrika Jaltarang 
    * online payment 
    * Export 
    * MOD,SODET,Defence PSUs & OFB 

Ask

____

## Product Portfolio

Our current product portfolio encompasses a diverse range of products for both domestic and International clientele.

We have built a total of 802 vessels since 1960, including 28 warships, ranging from advanced destroyers to missile boats as well as 7 submarines. For both national and global clientele, we have also provided cargo ships, passenger ships, supply vessels, multipurpose support vessels, water tankers, tugs, dredgers, fishing trawlers, barges, and border outposts. Jackets, wellhead platform main decks, process platforms, jack up rigs, and other products have also been manufactured and delivered by us.

Warships

Submarines

Offshore Patrol Vessel (OPV)

Floating Border Outposts (BOP)

Tugs

Barges

Dredgers

Multipurpose Support Vessel (MSV)

Floating Cranes

Ferries

Cargo Vessels

Fishing Trawlers

Offshore oil Platforms

____

## Media

###### Nov

2024

###### 08

##### MDL Observes Vigilance Awareness Week - 2024

Shri Sanjeev Singhal, Chairman and Managing Director, Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited, along with CVO, Directors and Vigilance team, at the inauguration of the Vigilance Awareness Week 2024 on 28 Oct 2024.

###### Mar

2024

###### 07

##### Plate cutting ceremony of Multi-Purpose Cargo Vessel (MPV) for M/s (Navi merchants), Denmark

Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Ltd (MDL), a Navratna DPSU, commenced the production activity for the first Multipurpose Cargo Vessel (MPV) for Navi Merchants, Denmark on 24 September 2024. Mr. Simon Christensen, CEO, Navi Merchants was the Chief Guest for the Plate Cutting ceremony. Mr Simon and Mr Sanjeev Singhal, Chairman and Managing Director MDL together commenced the cutting of the first steel plate in presence of Director (Shipbuilding), CVO MDL along with other officials from MDL.

###### Oct

2023

###### 20

##### ‘IMPHAL’ Third Stealth Destroyer of Project 15B Delivered to the Indian Navy

Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited (MDL) has delivered Third Stealth Destroyer of Project 15B Class Guided Missile Destroyer i.e. Yard 12706 (IMPHAL) to the Indian Navy. The Acceptance Document was signed by Shri Sanjeev Singhal, Chairman & Managing Director, MDL and RAdm Sanjay Sadhu, AVSM, NM, CSO (Tech) at MDL in the presence of Commanding Officer (Designate) Capt K K Choudhury, MDL Directors, WOT(MB) and Navy personnel.

###### Sep

2023

###### 25

##### Visit of Defence Secretary Shri Giridhar Aramane to MDL

On the occasion of ongoing celebrations of “Swachhta Hi Seva”, Defence Secretary of India, Shri Giridhar Aramane, IAS visited Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited today. He was taken to Dharohar – MDL’s Heritage Gallery showcasing the rich heritage of the Shipyard. He was then shown around the yard facilities including Submarine workshops, New Submarine Section Assembly workshop and under construction warship & submarine.

###### Sep

2023

###### 15

##### MDL is conferred with “CSR Excellence in Healthcare Initiative” and “National Award for Excellence in CSR & Sustainability”.

MDL is Conferred with “CSR Excellence in Healthcare Initiative” By Brands Global Media at India CSR & Sustainability Conclave 2023 on 04th Sep 2023. MDL was conferred with “National Award for Excellence in CSR & Sustainability” under “Concern for Health” Category by Asia HRD Congress on 15th Sep 2023.

###### Sep

2023

###### 01

##### Launching of Fourth Advanced Stealth Frigate of Project 17A "MAHENDRAGIRI" Yard -12654 -01.09.2023

MDL marks its 250 glorious years of existence with excellence and expertise with the launch of the fourth Stealth Frigate of Project 17A ‘MAHENDRAGIRI’ on 01 Sept 2023. With the launch of this mighty frigate, MDL continues its triumphant march towards self- reliance turning Aatmanirbhar Bharat into a reality.  
The ship was named by Dr (Mrs) Sudesh Dhankhar, wife of Hon’ble Vice President Shri Jagdeep Dhankhar who was the chief guest on the occasion. The ceremony was attended by the Hon’ble Governor of Maharashtra, Chief Minister of Maharashtra, Deputy Chief Ministers of Maharashtra, Chief of Naval Staff and Chairman and Managing Director, MDL along with other senior officials from the Ministry of Defence, Indian Navy and employees of MDL.

###### Dec

2022

###### 20

##### Fifth Scorpene Class Submarine Vagir Delivered to Indian Navy

Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited (“MDL”) continues its saga of ‘self-reliance’ ‘AatmaNirbhar Bharat’ and ‘Make in India’ Initiative of the Government of India, with the delivery of the fifth Scorpene Submarine ‘VAGIR’ of Project P-75 on 20 December 2022 to the Indian Navy, subsequently to be commissioned into Indian Navy as INS Vagir. The Acceptance Document was signed today by VAdm Narayan Prasad, AVSM, NM, IN (Retd), Chairman & Managing Director MDL and RAdm C Raghuram, VSM, Chief Staff Officer (Tech), Western Naval Command in the presence of Commanding Officer (desig) Cdr S Divakar, MDL Directors and Navy personnel at MDL.

###### Nov

2022

###### 24

##### Second Destroyer of P15B Class ‘Mormugao’ Delivered to Indian Navy

Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited (MDL) has delivered Second Ship of Project 15B Class Guided Missile Destroyer i.e. Yard 12705 (Mormugao) to the Indian Navy. The Acceptance Document was signed by VAdm Narayan Prasad, AVSM, NM, IN (Retd) Chairman & Managing Director, MDL and RAdm C Raghuram, VSM, CSO (Tech) at MDL in the presence of Commanding Officer (Designate) Capt Kapit Bhatia, MDL Directors and Navy personnel today.

###### Nov

2022

###### 22

##### MDL is ISO/IEC 27001:2013 ISMS certified company

Indian Register Quality Systems has certified that the Information Security Management Systems (ISMS) of Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited (MDL) has been assessed and found conforming to the Standard ISO/IEC 27001:2013. ISO 27001 is an international compliance framework set by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO).

###### Oct

2022

###### 25

##### Mazagon Dock Signed 24 MoUs at DefExpo 2022

Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited (MDL), nation’s premier shipbuilding yard has entered into as many as 24 MoUs with various national and international firms at DefExpo 2022, Gandhinagar. The MoUs are focused on cooperation in the fields of indigenized development and manufacturing of equipments for ships and submarines and other platforms under ‘Atma Nirbhar Bharat’. Few MoUs are aiming at design and development of Drones, Autonomous Underwater Swarm Drones, EPC projects in the field of Infra, Railway, Oil & Gas, water treatment, energy and other innovative projects. They also have a target to commercialize the CO2 absorber, steering console, Fuel Cell etc. which are presently used in Defence Industry only.

###### Oct

2022

###### 21

##### Mazagon Dock – First Indian Shipyard to introduce Augmented Reality

Digital Technologies has tremendous capabilities in eliminating unnecessary rework, as well as improving the delivery timelines and quality of construction of Naval Vessels. Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Ltd (MDL) has been a thought leader in incorporating digital technologies as part of its Industry 4.0 Initiatives. MDL was the first Shipbuilder in India, to introduce the use of Virtual Reality (VR) for ship design reviews and approvals by the Navy. This alone has helped reduce timelines for finalizing approvals of design by almost 2-3 years for every project.

____

####  What's New

  * **28 Oct 2024**

    * **Intimation to Stock Exchanges:- Press Release -**  
Second Edition of Mazdock Mumbai 10K Challenge (**Size:** 2.3 MB, **Language:** English)  

  * **29 Oct 2024**

    * **Intimation to Stock Exchanges:- Postal Ballot -**  
__MDL Postal Ballot Notice 29.10.2024 (**Size:** 758 KB, **Language:** English)  

  * **30 Oct 2024**

    * Bill/EMD Status: __Status of Invoice as on 18.10.2024 (Naval Projects Payment Section) (**Size:** 1.4 MB, **Language:** English)

  * **31 Oct 2024**

    * **Intimation to Stock Exchanges:- Press Release -**  
__MDL Observes Vigilance Awareness Week - 2024 (**Size:** 2.0 MB, **Language:** English)  

  * **05 Nov 2024**

    * **Audio :-**  
__Investors Update Call Audio 05.11.2024 (**Size:** 6.13 MB, **Language:** audio)  

  * **06 Nov 2024**

    * **Financial :-** FY 2024-25 -  
__Corporate Investors Presentation for the second quarter of the FY 2024-25. (**Size:** 6.58 MB, **Language:** English)  
__Unaudited Financial Results for the quarter ended 30.09.2024 (**Size:** 2.73 MB, **Language:** English)  

  * **11 Nov 2024**

    * **Financial :- 2024-25**  
__Impact of Audit Qualifications 30.09.2024 (**Size:** 293 KB, **Language:** English)  

  *     * **Intimation to Stock Exchanges:- Compliance -**  
__RPT Statement under Regulation 23(9) of SEBI (LODR) Regulations, 2015 30.09.2024 (**Size:** 915 KB, **Language:** English)  

  *     * **Transcript :-**  
__Transcript of Investors Call dated 05 November 2024 (**Size:** 487 KB, **Language:** English)  

____

####  Announcements

  *     * **Vendor: MSME Vendors:-**  
1\. Vendor Development Program for MSEs:-__Special drive for Vendor development/registration for MSEs owned by women for the period 26.08.2024 to 25.11.2024 (**Size:** 457 KB, **Language:** English)

2\. Registration of MSME Vendors with MDL:-__Supplier Registration Form (**Size:** 180 KB, **Language:** English)  

  *     * **Careers/Apprentice:** __**MDLATS/01/2024 – Selection of 518 Trade Apprentices, Batch 2024 : Group “A”, Declaration of 3rd Waiting List,** Schedule of Document Verification & Trade Allotment, Batch 2024 (**Size:** 1.55 MB, **Language:** English)

  *     * **Careers/Apprentice:** __**MDLATS/01/2024 – Selection of 518 Trade Apprentices, Batch 2024 : Group “B”, Declaration of 3rd Waiting List,** Schedule of Document Verification & Trade Allotment, Batch 2024 (**Size:** 1.2 MB, **Language:** English)

  *     * **Careers/Non-Executives:** __Recruitment of Non-Executives on Fix Term Contract Basis : Corrigendum 2 - Extension of date for submission of application and increase in vacancies of Non-Executives on Fix Term Contract Basis against**Adv. No. MDL/HR-TA-CC-MP/98/2024**(**Size:** 641 KB, **Language:** English)

  *     * **EOI:- EY/PLG/AP/GEN/313-F/2024/RIG/01**  
__To invite response from Design Engineering Firms for Transfer of Technology and technical support for Fabrication of Jack-up rigs by MDL. (**Size:** 473 KB, **Language:** English)

  *     * **Press Release:- 30 OCT 2024**  
__MDL Observers Vigilance Awareness Week 2024 (**Size:** 580 KB, **Language:** English)

____

##### PRODUCTS

#### PRODUCTS

##### SERVICES

#### SERVICES

##### FACILITIES

#### FACILITIES

## Event Gallery

VISIT OF 64TH NATIONAL DEFENCE COLLEGE NAVAL TOUR - 22.10.2024

VISIT OF SHRI GANESH SINGH, HON'BLE MEMBER OF PARLIAMENT AND CHAIRMAN PARLIAMENTARY COMMITTEE ON WELFARE OF OBC - 17.10.2024

VISIT OF MR. SHANTANU ROY, CMD, BEML - 15.10.2024

PLATE CUTTING CEREMONY OF MULTI PURPOSE VESSEL - 24.09.2024

VISIT OF MAJ GEN ROHIT SAWHNEY, YSM, ASST MILITARY ADVISER (NSCS)- 24.09.2024

____View All

____

Our Smart Bot!

  * 

__

  * 

#### Complaint Handling policy and terms and conditions

  * Copyright Policy
  * Sitemap
  * Feedback

  * Hyperlink Policy
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms & Conditions
  * Website Policy
  * Security Policy
  * Help

##### Last Updated Date 11/11/2024 05:28 PM

Copyright © 2024 - All Rights Reserved – Official Website of Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited, Ministry of Defence, Government of India  
Content on this website is published and managed by Mazagon Dock Shipbuilders Limited, Ministry of Defence  
For any query regarding this website, please contact the web information manager – Mr. P Kumaresan, Deputy General Manager, cit-support[dot]mdl[at]mazdock[dot]com, +91-22-2376-2202/2203

Site Visitors: 10365502

Designed & Developed by PECS

